com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/NewsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/SavedNewsListItemBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.SavedNewsListItemBinding
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/persistance/NewsDao_Impl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$1
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$2
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$3
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$4
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$5
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$6
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.NewsDao_Impl$7
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/base/Hilt_BaseActivity.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.base.Hilt_BaseActivity
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.base.Hilt_BaseActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_AndroidApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_AndroidApplication_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/NewsRepo_Network_Factory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsRepo_Network_Factory
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/base/BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.base.BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/saved/SavedListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListViewModel_Factory
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/SeparatorNewsItemBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.SeparatorNewsItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_core_di_ApplicationModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_core_di_ApplicationModule
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/saved/Hilt_SavedListFragment.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.Hilt_SavedListFragment
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/Hilt_AndroidApplication.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.Hilt_AndroidApplication
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.Hilt_AndroidApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_detail_NewsDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_detail_NewsDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_saved_SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_saved_SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_core_base_BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_core_base_BaseActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/NewsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsViewModel_Factory
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_AndroidApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_AndroidApplication
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FragmentNewsDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FragmentNewsDetailBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/saved/SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FooterItemBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FooterItemBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/BuildConfig.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.BuildConfig
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/AndroidApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/BR.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.BR
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/NewsListItemBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.NewsListItemBinding
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/Hilt_NewsFragment.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.Hilt_NewsFragment
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/MealItemBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.MealItemBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideNewsRepoFactory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideNewsRepoFactory
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DaggerAndroidApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/SeparatorNewsItemBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.SeparatorNewsItemBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/saved/SavedListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideYourDatabaseFactory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideYourDatabaseFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_saved_SavedListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_saved_SavedListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideServiceFactory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideServiceFactory
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FooterItemBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FooterItemBinding
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/NewsListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.NewsListItemBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/AndroidApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FragmentSavedBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FragmentSavedBinding
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/di/MyPreference_Factory.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.di.MyPreference_Factory
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/NewsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.NewsFragment_MembersInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FragmentSavedBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FragmentSavedBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/SavedNewsListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.SavedNewsListItemBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/persistance/RemoteKeyDao_Impl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.RemoteKeyDao_Impl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.RemoteKeyDao_Impl$1
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.RemoteKeyDao_Impl$2
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.RemoteKeyDao_Impl$3
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.RemoteKeyDao_Impl$4
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.RemoteKeyDao_Impl$5
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/core/persistance/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.core.persistance.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FragmentNewsDetailBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FragmentNewsDetailBinding
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/FragmentNewsBindingImpl.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.FragmentNewsBindingImpl
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/databinding/MealItemBinding.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.databinding.MealItemBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/detail/NewsDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.detail.NewsDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/detail/Hilt_NewsDetailFragment.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.detail.Hilt_NewsDetailFragment
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/feature/saved/SavedListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.feature.saved.SavedListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_saved_SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_feature_saved_SavedListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_greedygame_newsbreeze_AndroidApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_greedygame_newsbreeze_AndroidApplication
com/greedygame/newsbreeze/AndroidApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.greedygame.newsbreeze.AndroidApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
